README.md, before:

# NLP-ADBench

## Overview

**NLP-ADBench** is a benchmarking tool for Anomaly Detection in Natural Language Processing. It provides a comprehensive evaluation of the performance of various anomaly detection algorithms on a wide range of NLP datasets. The tool is designed to evaluate the performance of anomaly detection algorithms on NLP datasets using a two-step approach. 


## NLPAD Datasets

The datasets required for this project can be downloaded from the following huggingface links:

1. **NLPAD Datasets**: These are the datasets mentioned in NLP-ADBench paper. You can download them from:

   - [NLP-AD Datasets](https://huggingface.co/datasets/kendx/NLP-ADBench/tree/main/datasets)

2. **Pre-Extracted Embeddings**: We evaluate 8 two-step NLP-AD algorithms that rely on embeddings generated by models such as BERT `bert-base-uncased` and OpenAI `text-embedding-3-large` model. These algorithms are designed to work with structured numerical data and cannot directly process raw textual data, requiring text transformation into numerical embeddings. We have already extracted these embeddings for your convenience. If you want to use them directly, you can download them from:

   - [Pre-Extracted Embeddings](https://huggingface.co/datasets/kendx/NLP-ADBench/tree/main/embeddings)




# Step by Step Instructions for Running the Benchmark

## Environment Setup Instructions

Follow these steps to set up the development environment using the provided Conda environment file:

1. **Install Anaconda or Miniconda**: 
   Download and install Anaconda or Miniconda from [here](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html).

2. **Create the Environment**: 
   Using the terminal, navigate to the directory containing the `environment.yml` file and run:
   ```bash
   conda env create -f environment.yml
3. **Activate the Environment**: 
   Activate the newly created environment using:
   ```bash
   conda activate nlpad
   ```


## Import data

Get `Pre-Extracted Embeddings` data from the [huggingface link](https://huggingface.co/datasets/kendx/NLP-ADBench/tree/main/embeddings) and put it in the data folder.

Place all downloaded embeddings data into the `./feature` folder in the `./benchmark` directory of this project.

## Run the code
Run the following commands from the `./benchmark` directory of the project:
### BERT
If you want to run a benchmark using data embedded with BERT's `bert-base-uncased` model, use this command:
````bash
python [your_script_name].py bert
````

### OpenAI
If you want to run a benchmark using data embedded with OpenAI's `text-embedding-3-large` model, use this command:
````bash
python [your_script_name].py gpt
````

Commit message:

Update README.md add citation part

README.md, after:

# NLP-ADBench

## Overview

**NLP-ADBench** is a benchmarking tool for Anomaly Detection in Natural Language Processing. It provides a comprehensive evaluation of the performance of various anomaly detection algorithms on a wide range of NLP datasets. The tool is designed to evaluate the performance of anomaly detection algorithms on NLP datasets using a two-step approach. 


## NLPAD Datasets

The datasets required for this project can be downloaded from the following huggingface links:

1. **NLPAD Datasets**: These are the datasets mentioned in NLP-ADBench paper. You can download them from:

   - [NLP-AD Datasets](https://huggingface.co/datasets/kendx/NLP-ADBench/tree/main/datasets)

2. **Pre-Extracted Embeddings**: We evaluate 8 two-step NLP-AD algorithms that rely on embeddings generated by models such as BERT `bert-base-uncased` and OpenAI `text-embedding-3-large` model. These algorithms are designed to work with structured numerical data and cannot directly process raw textual data, requiring text transformation into numerical embeddings. We have already extracted these embeddings for your convenience. If you want to use them directly, you can download them from:

   - [Pre-Extracted Embeddings](https://huggingface.co/datasets/kendx/NLP-ADBench/tree/main/embeddings)

## Citation

If you find this work useful, please cite our paper:

[**Paper Link**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.04784): https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.04784

```bibtex
@article{li2024nlp,
  title={NLP-ADBench: NLP Anomaly Detection Benchmark},
  author={Li, Yuangang and Li, Jiaqi and Xiao, Zhuo and Yang, Tiankai and Nian, Yi and Hu, Xiyang and Zhao, Yue},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2412.04784},
  year={2024}
}
```


# Step by Step Instructions for Running the Benchmark

## Environment Setup Instructions

Follow these steps to set up the development environment using the provided Conda environment file:

1. **Install Anaconda or Miniconda**: 
   Download and install Anaconda or Miniconda from [here](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html).

2. **Create the Environment**: 
   Using the terminal, navigate to the directory containing the `environment.yml` file and run:
   ```bash
   conda env create -f environment.yml
3. **Activate the Environment**: 
   Activate the newly created environment using:
   ```bash
   conda activate nlpad
   ```


## Import data

Get `Pre-Extracted Embeddings` data from the [huggingface link](https://huggingface.co/datasets/kendx/NLP-ADBench/tree/main/embeddings) and put it in the data folder.

Place all downloaded embeddings data into the `./feature` folder in the `./benchmark` directory of this project.

## Run the code
Run the following commands from the `./benchmark` directory of the project:
### BERT
If you want to run a benchmark using data embedded with BERT's `bert-base-uncased` model, use this command:
````bash
python [your_script_name].py bert
````

### OpenAI
If you want to run a benchmark using data embedded with OpenAI's `text-embedding-3-large` model, use this command:
````bash
python [your_script_name].py gpt
````
